doc: Improve the structure in Thingy GSG (#7981)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_thingy91_gsg.rst

      #. Make sure that :guilabel:`Enable MCUboot` is selected.
      #. Switch off the Thingy:91.
      #. Press **SW3** while switching **SW1** to the **ON** position.

         .. figure:: /images/thingy91_sw1_sw3.svg
            :alt: Thingy:91 - SW1 SW3 switch

            Thingy:91 - SW1 SW3 switch

      #. In the menu, select Thingy:91.

      #. In the menu on the left, click :guilabel:`Add file` in the File section, and select :guilabel:`Browse`.
         A file explorer window appears.

         .. figure:: /images/programmer_add_file.png
            :alt: Programmer - Add file

            Programmer - Add file

      .. update_modem_start

      5. Navigate to the folder you downloaded and extracted from the `Nordic Semiconductor website`_ in the :ref:`Download firmware <download_firmware_thingy91>` step.
      #. Find the modem firmware zip file with the name similar to :file:`mfw_nrf9160_*.zip` and the number of the latest version.

         .. note::
            Do not extract the modem firmware zip file.

      #. Select the zip file and click :guilabel:`Open`.

      .. update_modem_end

>       8. In the Programmer application, scroll down in the menu on the left to :guilabel:`Device` and click :guilabel:`Write`.

Reviewer: Not sure anything can be done about it, but there's extra space between this and the previous step in the built documentation. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83582261/174243870-d7fa8601-0fee-42c2-b6d3-e9503f74d0e6.png)

Author: I think it is because of the include label.. and I am not aware of any way to circumvent this.

         When the update is complete, a :guilabel:`Completed successfully` message appears.
      #. Scroll up in the menu on the left to :guilabel:`File` and click :guilabel:`Clear files`.

   .. group-tab:: Through external debug probe

      To program the application firmware using external debug probe, complete the following steps:

      1. Open `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ and launch the Programmer application if you do not have it open already.
      #. Make sure the SWD selection switch **SW2** is set to **nRF91**.

      #. In the menu on the left, click :guilabel:`Add file` in the File section, and select :guilabel:`Browse`.
         A file explorer window appears.

         .. figure:: /images/programmer_add_file1.png
            :alt: Programmer - Add file

            Programmer - Add file

      #. Navigate to the folder you downloaded and extracted from the `Nordic Semiconductor website`_ in the :ref:`Download firmware <download_firmware_thingy91>` step.

      #. Open the folder that contains the HEX files for updating over USB.
         See the :file:`CONTENTS.txt` file for information on which file you need.

>       #. Select the appropriate Asset Tracker v2 firmware file.

Reviewer: Should the note about legacy PCO be here was well?

Author: @gregersrygg , could you confirm? Should the note in nRF9160 USB update (under step 10)): _If you are connecting over NB-IoT and your operator does not support ePCO, select the file that has legacy Protocol Configuration Options (PCO) mode enabled.)_ be in the update through debug probe section also?

Reviewer 2: @umapraseeda I don't know anything about the legacy PCO, but it sounds like a feature in the firmware. So I assume it is applicable here as well.

As I've commented on other places, I would like to have a short description of the different alternatives. For instance, it's not clear to me if `thingy91_asset_tracker_v2_ltem_*.hex` also has NB-IoT, or if it's only LTE-m.

Reviewer 3: We have this details in context.txt and we also tell user to check the context.txt file.

>          .. include:: ug_thingy91_gsg.rst

Reviewer: The include indents and numbers incorrectly:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83582261/174244904-231876d4-2a2b-49d4-8731-09dbdee36489.png)

Author: Yes, I think it messes up the numbering. The only other option seems to be duplicating the statements here as well.

      #. Switch off the Thingy:91.
      #. Press **SW3** while switching **SW1** to the **ON** position.

         .. figure:: /images/thingy91_sw1_sw3.svg
            :alt: Thingy:91 - SW1 SW3 switch

            Thingy:91 - SW1 SW3 switch

      #. In the Programmer navigation bar, click :guilabel:`Select device`.
         A drop-down menu appears.

         .. figure:: /images/programmer_select_device.png
            :alt: Programmer - Select device

            Programmer - Select device

      #. In the menu, select Thingy:91.

      #. In the menu on the left, click :guilabel:`Add file` in the File section, and select :guilabel:`Browse`.
         A file explorer window appears.

         .. figure:: /images/programmer_add_file.png
            :alt: Programmer - Add file

            Programmer - Add file

      #. Navigate to the folder you downloaded and extracted from the `Nordic Semiconductor website`_ in the :ref:`Download firmware <download_firmware_thingy91>` step.

      #. Open the folder that contains the HEX files for updating over USB.
         See the :file:`CONTENTS.txt` file for information on which file you need.

>       #. Select the appropriate Asset Tracker v2 firmware file.

Reviewer 3: We have this details in context.txt and we have a statement to check the context.txt file in the user guide.
Also, had a offline discussion with @gregersrygg on this.

      #. Click :guilabel:`Open`.

      #. Scroll down in the menu on the left to :guilabel:`Device` and click :guilabel:`Write`.

         .. figure:: /images/programmer_hex_write.png
            :alt: Programmer - Writing of HEX files

            Programmer - Writing of HEX files

         The :guilabel:`MCUboot DFU` window appears.

         .. figure:: /images/thingy91_mcuboot_dfu1.png
            :alt: Programmer - MCUboot DFU

            Programmer - MCUboot DFU

      #. In the :guilabel:`MCUboot DFU` window, click :guilabel:`Write`.
         When the update is complete, a :guilabel:`Completed successfully` message appears.
      #. Scroll up in the menu on the left to :guilabel:`File` and click :guilabel:`Clear files`.

   .. group-tab:: Through external debug probe

      To program the application firmware using external debug probe, complete the following steps:

      1. Open `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ and launch the Programmer application and :ref:`prepare the hardware <prepare_hw_ext_dp>` if you do not have it open already.

>       #. Make sure the SWD selection switch **SW2** is set to **nRF91**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      #. On the nRF9160 DK, set the SWD selection switch **SW10** to **nRF91**. On DK v0.9.0 and earlier, this is the SW5 switch.
```

Perhaps make an alias/replacement string out of this sentence :)

      #. In the menu on the left, click :guilabel:`Add file` in the File section, and select :guilabel:`Browse`.
         A file explorer window appears.

         .. figure:: /images/programmer_add_file1.png
            :alt: Programmer - Add file

            Programmer - Add file

      #. Navigate to the folder you downloaded and extracted from the `Nordic Semiconductor website`_ in the :ref:`Download firmware <download_firmware_thingy91>` step.

>       #. Open the folder that contains the HEX files for updating over USB.
>          See the :file:`CONTENTS.txt` file for information on which file you need.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      #. Open the `img_app_bl` folder, which contains the HEX files for updating using a debugger.
```

            :alt: Thingy:91 - SW1 SW3 switch

            Thingy:91 - SW1 SW3 switch

      #. In the menu, select Thingy:91.

      #. In the menu on the left, click :guilabel:`Add file` in the File section, and select :guilabel:`Browse`.
         A file explorer window appears.

         .. figure:: /images/programmer_add_file.png
            :alt: Programmer - Add file

            Programmer - Add file

      .. update_modem_start

      5. Navigate to the folder you downloaded and extracted from the `Nordic Semiconductor website`_ in the :ref:`Download firmware <download_firmware_thingy91>` step.
      #. Find the modem firmware zip file with the name similar to :file:`mfw_nrf9160_*.zip` and the number of the latest version.

         .. note::
            Do not extract the modem firmware zip file.

      #. Select the zip file and click :guilabel:`Open`.

      .. update_modem_end

      8. In the Programmer application, scroll down in the menu on the left to :guilabel:`Device` and click :guilabel:`Write`.

         .. figure:: /images/programmer_usb_update_modem.png
            :alt: Programmer - Update modem

            Programmer - Update modem

>          The :guilabel:`Modem DFU via MCUboot` window appears.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
         The `Modem DFU via MCUboot window appears.
```

         .. figure:: /images/thingy91_modemdfu_mcuboot.png
            :alt: Programmer - Modem DFU via MCUboot

            Programmer - Modem DFU via MCUboot

>       #. In the :guilabel:`Modem DFU via MCUboot window`, click :guilabel:`Write`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
      #. In the Modem DFU via MCUboot window, click :guilabel:`Write`.
```

>          When the update is complete, a :guilabel:`Completed successfully` message appears.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
         When the update is complete, a "Completed successfully" message appears.
```

   .. group-tab:: Through external debug probe

      To update the modem firmware using external debug probe, complete the following steps:

      1. Open `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ and launch the Programmer application and :ref:`prepare the hardware <prepare_hw_ext_dp>` if you have not done it already.
      #. Set the SWD selection switch **SW2** to **nRF91** on the Thingy:91.

>       #. In the menu on the left, click :guilabel:`Add file` in the File section, and select :guilabel:`Browse`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
      #. In the menu on the left, click :guilabel:`Add file` in the FILE section, and select :guilabel:`Browse`.
```

         A file explorer window appears.

         .. figure:: /images/programmer_add_file1.png
            :alt: Programmer - Add file

            Programmer - Add file

      #. Navigate to the folder you downloaded and extracted from the `Nordic Semiconductor website`_ in the :ref:`Download firmware <download_firmware_thingy91>` step.
      #. Find the modem firmware zip file with the name similar to :file:`mfw_nrf9160_*.zip` and the number of the latest version and click :guilabel:`Open`.

         .. note::
            Do not extract the modem firmware zip file.

      #. Select the zip file and click :guilabel:`Open`.

>       #. In the Programmer application, scroll down in the menu on the left to :guilabel:`Device` and click :guilabel:`Write`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
      #. In the Programmer application, scroll down in the menu on the left to the DEVICE section and click :guilabel:`Write`.
```

         .. figure:: /images/programmer_ext_debug_update_modem.png
            :alt: Programmer - Update modem

            Programmer - Update modem

>          The :guilabel:`Modem DFU` window appears.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
         The Modem DFU window appears.
```

         .. figure:: /images/programmer_modemdfu.png
            :alt: Programmer - Modem DFU

            Programmer - Modem DFU

>       #. In the :guilabel:`Modem DFU` window, click :guilabel:`Write`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
      #. In the Modem DFU window, click :guilabel:`Write`.
```

>          When the update is complete, a :guilabel:`Completed successfully` message appears.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
         When the update is complete, a "Completed successfully" message appears.
```

..

.. rst-class:: numbered-step

.. _update_nrf9160_application:

Program the nRF9160 SiP application
===================================

.. tabs::

   .. group-tab:: Through USB

      To program the application firmware using USB, complete the following steps:

      1. Open `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ and launch the Programmer application if you have not done already.
      #. Make sure that :guilabel:`Enable MCUboot` is selected.
      #. Switch off the Thingy:91.
      #. Press **SW3** while switching **SW1** to the **ON** position.

         .. figure:: /images/thingy91_sw1_sw3.svg
            :alt: Thingy:91 - SW1 SW3 switch

            Thingy:91 - SW1 SW3 switch

      #. In the Programmer navigation bar, click :guilabel:`Select device`.
         A drop-down menu appears.

         .. figure:: /images/programmer_select_device.png
            :alt: Programmer - Select device

            Programmer - Select device

      #. In the menu, select Thingy:91.

>       #. In the menu on the left, click :guilabel:`Add file` in the File section, and select :guilabel:`Browse`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
      #. In the menu on the left, click :guilabel:`Add file` in the FILE section, and select :guilabel:`Browse`.
```

         A file explorer window appears.

         .. figure:: /images/programmer_add_file.png
            :alt: Programmer - Add file

            Programmer - Add file

      #. Navigate to the folder you downloaded and extracted from the `Nordic Semiconductor website`_ in the :ref:`Download firmware <download_firmware_thingy91>` step.

      #. Open the folder :file:`img_fota_dfu_hex` that contains the HEX files for updating over USB.
         See the :file:`CONTENTS.txt` file for information on which file you need.

      #. Select the appropriate Asset Tracker v2 firmware file.

         .. note::

            If you are connecting over NB-IoT and your operator does not support extended Protocol Configuration Options (ePCO), select the file that has legacy Protocol Configuration Options (PCO) mode enabled.

      #. Click :guilabel:`Open`.

>       #. Scroll down in the menu on the left to :guilabel:`Device` and click :guilabel:`Write`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
      #. Scroll down in the menu on the left to the DEVICE section and click :guilabel:`Write`.
```

         .. figure:: /images/programmer_hex_write.png
            :alt: Programmer - Writing of HEX files

            Programmer - Writing of HEX files

>          The :guilabel:`MCUboot DFU` window appears.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
         The MCUboot DFU window appears.
```

         .. figure:: /images/thingy91_mcuboot_dfu1.png
            :alt: Programmer - MCUboot DFU

            Programmer - MCUboot DFU

>       #. In the :guilabel:`MCUboot DFU` window, click :guilabel:`Write`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
      #. In the MCUboot DFU window, click :guilabel:`Write`.
```

>          When the update is complete, a :guilabel:`Completed successfully` message appears.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
         When the update is complete, a "Completed successfully" message appears.
```

>       #. Scroll up in the menu on the left to :guilabel:`File` and click :guilabel:`Clear files`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
      #. Scroll up in the menu on the left to the FILE section and click :guilabel:`Clear files`.
```

   .. group-tab:: Through external debug probe

      To program the application firmware using external debug probe, complete the following steps:

      1. Open `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ and launch the Programmer application and :ref:`prepare the hardware <prepare_hw_ext_dp>` if you have not done it already.
      #. Make sure the SWD selection switch **SW2** is set to **nRF91** on the Thingy:91.

>       #. In the menu on the left, click :guilabel:`Add file` in the File section, and select :guilabel:`Browse`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
      #. In the menu on the left, click :guilabel:`Add file` in the FILE section, and select :guilabel:`Browse`.
```

         A file explorer window appears.

         .. figure:: /images/programmer_add_file1.png
            :alt: Programmer - Add file

            Programmer - Add file

      #. Navigate to the folder you downloaded and extracted from the `Nordic Semiconductor website`_ in the :ref:`Download firmware <download_firmware_thingy91>` step.

      #. Open the folder :file:`img_app_bl` that contains the HEX files for updating using a debugger.
         See the :file:`CONTENTS.txt` file for information on which file you need.

      #. Select the appropriate Asset Tracker v2 firmware file.

      .. note::

         If you are connecting over NB-IoT and your operator does not support extended Protocol Configuration Options (ePCO), select the file that has legacy Protocol Configuration Options (PCO) mode enabled.

      #. Click :guilabel:`Open`.

>       #. Scroll down in the menu on the left to :guilabel:`Device` and click :guilabel:`Erase & write`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
      #. Scroll down in the menu on the left to the DEVICE section and click :guilabel:`Erase & write`.
```

         The update is completed when the animation in Programmer's Device memory layout window ends.

         .. figure:: /images/programmer_ext_debug_hex_write.png
            :alt: Programming using External debug probe

            Programming using External debug probe

>       #. Scroll up in the menu on the left to :guilabel:`File` and click :guilabel:`Clear files`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
      #. Scroll up in the menu on the left to the FILE section and click :guilabel:`Clear files`.
```

Before you start using the Thingy:91, it is recommended that you update the application firmware to :ref:`asset_tracker_v2`.
You must also update the modem firmware.
You can do this through :term:`Universal Serial Bus (USB)` (MCUboot) or an external debug probe by using the Programmer application.

.. note::
   To update the Thingy:91 through USB, the nRF9160 SiP and nRF52840 SoC bootloaders must be factory-compatible.
   The bootloaders might not be factory-compatible if the nRF9160 SiP or nRF52840 SoC has been updated with an external debug probe.
   To restore the bootloaders, program the nRF9160 SiP or nRF52840 SoC with the Thingy:91 firmware files through an external debug probe.

.. note::
   The external debug probe must support Arm Cortex-M33, such as the nRF9160 DK.

>    You need a 10-pin 2x5 socket-socket 1.27 mm IDC (Serial Wire Debug (SWD)) JTAG cable to connect to the external debug probe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You need a 10-pin 2x5 socket-socket 1.27 mm IDC (:term:`Serial Wire Debug (SWD)`) JTAG cable to connect to the external debug probe.
```

Following are the three recommended steps when you start to program a Thingy:91:

1. :ref:`Updating the Connectivity bridge application firmware in the nRF52840 SoC <updating_the conn_bridge_52840>`.
#. :ref:`Updating the modem firmware on the nRF9160 SoC (especially if you want to incorporate the latest changes from a newly released modem firmware) <update_modem_fw_nrf9160>`.
#. :ref:`Programming the application firmware on the nRF9160 SiP <update_nrf9160_application>`.

Before you start, make sure the Thingy:91 is connected to the computer with a micro-USB cable.

.. note::

   Do not unplug the Nordic Thingy:91 during this process.

.. rst-class:: numbered-step

.. _updating_the conn_bridge_52840:

Updating the firmware in the nRF52840 SoC
=========================================

.. tabs::

   .. group-tab:: Through USB

      To update the firmware, complete the following steps:

      1. Open `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ and launch the Programmer application.

>       #. Scroll down in the menu on the left and make sure :guilabel:`Enable MCUboot` is selected.

Reviewer 3: Should these 2 steps be added to the "Update the modem firmware" and "Programming the application firmware" sections also, as there could be a scenario where one could directly navigate to any of these sections without completing the steps in the "Updating the firmware in the nRF52840 SoC" section?

      #. In the menu on the left, click :guilabel:`Add file` in the File section, and select :guilabel:`Browse`.
         A file explorer window appears.

         .. figure:: /images/programmer_add_file.png
            :alt: Programmer - Add file

            Programmer - Add file

      #. Navigate to the folder you downloaded and extracted from the `Nordic Semiconductor website`_ in the :ref:`Download firmware <download_firmware_thingy91>` step.

      #. Open the folder that contains the HEX files for updating over USB.
         See the :file:`CONTENTS.txt` file for information on which file you need.

      #. Select the Connectivity bridge firmware file.

      #. Click :guilabel:`Open`.

      #. Scroll down in the menu on the left to :guilabel:`Device` and click :guilabel:`Write`.

         .. figure:: /images/programmer_hex_write.png
            :alt: Programmer - Writing of HEX files

            Programmer - Writing of HEX files

         The :guilabel:`MCUboot DFU` window appears.

         .. figure:: /images/thingy91_mcuboot_dfu.png
            :alt: Programmer - MCUboot DFU

            Programmer - MCUboot DFU

>       k. In the :guilabel:`MCUboot DFU` window, click :guilabel:`Write`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      13. In the :guilabel:`MCUboot DFU` window, click :guilabel:`Write`.
```

         .. note::
            Do not extract the modem firmware zip file.

      #. Select the zip file and click :guilabel:`Open`.
      #. In the Programmer application, scroll down in the menu on the left to :guilabel:`Device` and click :guilabel:`Write`.

         .. figure:: /images/programmer_ext_debug_update_modem.png
            :alt: Programmer - Update modem

            Programmer - Update modem

         The :guilabel:`Modem DFU` window appears.

         .. figure:: /images/programmer_modemdfu.png
            :alt: Programmer - Modem DFU

            Programmer - Modem DFU

      #. In the :guilabel:`Modem DFU` window, click :guilabel:`Write`.
         When the update is complete, a :guilabel:`Completed successfully` message appears.

         .. note::
            If you have issues updating modem firmware, click :guilabel:`Erase all` before trying to update the modem again. In this case, the contents of the flash memory are deleted and the applications must be reprogrammed.

..

.. rst-class:: numbered-step

.. _update_nrf9160_application:

Update the nRF9160 SiP application
==================================

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Complete the following steps to program the application firmware:
```
Just for consistency. May be inside or outside the tab.  We could change for step1 (mentioned inside the tab) and step 2 (mentioned outside the tab) accordingly.

After logging in, you are directed to the dashboard view that displays your device count and service usage.
Next, you need to activate the SIM card for the Thingy:91.

Connecting to nRF Cloud
***********************

> .. contents::
>    :local:
>    :depth: 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think these are a leftover from an older draft.

To transmit data from your Thingy:91 to nRF Cloud, you must activate your SIM card and add the Thingy:91 to your nRF Cloud account.

> To activate the iBasis Subscriber Identity Module (SIM) card that comes shipped with the Thingy:91, complete the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To activate the iBasis SIM card that comes shipped with the Thingy:91 and add the Thingy:91 to nRF Cloud, complete the following steps:
```
You could also add the following note before this line to match the nRF9160 DK GS:
```
.. note::

   If you activated your iBasis SIM card before, click :guilabel:`Skip this step` in Step 4 instead of filling in the information.

   If you are using a SIM card from another provider, make sure you activate it through your network operator, then click :guilabel:`Skip this step` in Step 4 instead of filling in the information.
```

         nRF Cloud - Add new device

Activate your iBasis SIM card by entering the 18-digit :term:`Integrated Circuit Card Identifier (ICCID)` or the 19-digit :term:`eUICC Identifier (EID)`, and the :term:`Personal Unblocking Key (PUK)`, accepting the Terms and the Privacy Policy, and clicking :guilabel:`Activate SIM`.

   The ICCID, EID, and PUK are printed on the SIM card.
   Reveal the PUK by scratching off the area on the back of the SIM card.

   .. figure:: /images/nrfcloud_activating_sim.png
      :alt: nRF Cloud - Activate SIM Card window

      nRF Cloud - Activate SIM Card window

>    After the SIM card is activated, you are redirected to the :guilabel:`Add LTE Device` screen.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   After the SIM card is activated, you are redirected to the Add LTE Device screen.
```

   Leave the browser window open and continue with the next step before you enter the information on this screen.

#. Punch out the nano-SIM from the SIM card and plug it into the SIM card holder on the Thingy:91.

   .. figure:: /images/thingy91_insert_sim.svg
      :alt: Inserting SIM

      Inserting SIM

#. Connect the Thingy:91 to the computer with a USB cable and turn it on, or reset the device if it is already turned on.
#. Wait up to three minutes for the Thingy:91 to connect to the LTE network and to nRF Cloud.

   After a few moments, the nRF Cloud user association process starts.
   This is indicated by white double pulse blinking of the Thingy:91's RGB LED as indicated in :ref:`Operating states <led_indication>`.

> #. In the :guilabel:`Add LTE Device` screen from Step 4, enter your device ID and ownership code.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
#. In the Add LTE Device screen from Step 4, enter your device ID and ownership code.
```

   * **Ownership code**: The ownership code is the PIN or the hardware ID of your Thingy:91, and it is found on the label of your Thingy:91.
   * **Device ID**: The device ID is composed of *nrf-* and the 15-digit :term:`International Mobile (Station) Equipment Identity (IMEI)` number that is printed on the label of your Thingy:91. It is case sensitive, so make sure all the letters are lower-case.

   .. figure:: /images/thingy91_pin_imei.svg
      :alt: PIN and IMEI on Thingy:91

      PIN and IMEI on Thingy:91

   If the label contains a PIN in addition to the IMEI number, enter this pin.
   If it does not contain a PIN, enter the Hardware ID (HWID) HEX code, with or without colons.
   For example, *AA:BB:CC:DD:EE:FF* or *AABBCCDDEEFF*.

   .. note::

      The ownership code serves as a password and proves that you own the specific nRF9160 DK.
      Therefore, do not share it with anyone.

#. Click :guilabel:`Add Device`.

>    The message :guilabel:`Device added to account. Waiting for it to connect...` appears.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   The message "Device added to account. Waiting for it to connect..." appears.
```
